Q1: What is a computer ?
A1: Computer is an electornic device or a system which stores and processes the data
in binary format. It has several components in order to do the information processing
and storing. Mainly those parts/components are CPU(Processor), Memory(RAM, HDD/SSD)
and Input and Output devices. 
There are 4 types of computers
1. Super Computer - 
2. Mainframe Computer - 
3. Mini Computer - 
4. Micro Computer - 


Q2: What is RAM?
A2: RAM Stands for Random Access Memory. It is component in computer system which is 
responsible for storing the temporary data which processor is doing its processing. RAM 
has several other names like primary memory (because it is directly contacted by to processor
for data), Volatile memory (because data stays on this device until power supply is given), 
Main Memory (as it is mainly access stores and processes the data). It uses semi-conductor 
chips to store and keep the data. It is fastest memoery after cache in computer system. Basic 
unit on primary memory is byte(8 bits).  


Q3: Where is data stored in a computer?
A3: Data is stored on secondary storage devices such as HDD(Hard Disk Drive) and 
SSD(Solid State Drive) as data remains there in if power supply is not given.


Q4: What is that input device used to type text and numbers on a document in the computer system?
A4: Keyboard


Q5: What are the output devices?
A5: Output devices are parts which are used to show outcome of processing by CPU. There are several
output devices Monitor, printers, speakers, headphone etc.


Q6: Which is the input device that allows a user to move the cursor or pointer on the screen?
A6: Mouse


Q7: Which language is directly understood by the computer without a translation pro%r3m?
A7: Machine level language (bitstream of 0's and 1's)


Q8: What are Input devices?
A8: Input devices are devices which takes information from user/surrounding for processing. 
below are some input devices - keyboard, mouse, camera, microphone, touchpad etc.