Q1: What is Git?
A1: Git is a distributed version control system developed by Linus Torvalds in 2005. Git is a popular
    protocol used to track the changes and keep then saved over time. And combines everyone’s work to 
    produce a same product with all features. 


Q2: What do you understand by the term 'Version Control System'?
A2: Version controlling in software development means tacking the changes of source code and files. 
    By doing version controlling software developers just create new versions after making changes 
    or rolling back the changes to the previous version. 


Q3: What is GitHub?
A3: GitHub is a web based service to host remote repositories. GitHub gives you a collaborative 
    environment to work on same project. All develpoers keep their changes in local repository and
    also pull changes from remote repository. 


Q4: Mention some popular Git hosting services?
A4: GitHub and BitBucket


Q5: Different typs of version control system?
A5: They are as follows
    1) Central Version Control System - 
        Drawback - all developeres are working on project have dependency on central a repository. 
        Eg. CVS, Subversion, perforce

    2) Distributed Version Control System - 
        Advantage - All developer have snapshot of remote repo as well as they maintain a local repo.
        Eg - git, Mercurial, Darcs, Bazaar etc.


Q6: What benefit comes with using GIT?
A6: Advantages of using git - 
    1) It is a distributed VCS so if remote repository goes down under any circumstances, all developers
       will still have access to their remote repo which they pulled from remote repository. 
    2) Collaboration between all developers becomes easy and they can work parallely on same project. 
    3) Gives facility to create and work on branches. 
    4) Easy rollbacks to previous version if features are not required or chages in requirement. 


Q7: What is a Git repository?
A7: A git repository is a directory/folder initialised with 'git init' command. This git repository
    will track all the changes made to files over time. 


Q8: How can you initialize a repoIitory in Git?
A8: open terminal/gitbash/command prompt in desired location and run below git command.
    > git init